---
title: Geology - Bedrock Contacts
created: '2020-11-12T13:58:00.278281'
modified: '2020-11-12T13:58:00.278292'
state: active
type: dataset
tags:
  - Bedrock Contacts
  - Environment
  - Environmental
  - Geology
  - Nc
  - North Carolina
  - Wake
  - Wake County
groups:
  - Local Government
csv_url: >-
  https://data-wake.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/75fc373c037a4eef95f17017d6b2c3bc_0.csv?outSR=%7B%22latestWkid%22%3A32119%2C%22wkid%22%3A32119%7D
json_url: ''
layout: post

---
This dataset consists of the geologic contact lines for the Caldwell 7.5-minute Quadrangle.

<br /><br />This polyline digital dataset, compiled through new detailed geologic mapping by the authors, represents the general distribution of geology for the Caldwell 7.5' quadrangle, Orange and Person Counties, North Carolina.  This polyline file was used to develop North Carolina Geological Survey Open-File Report 2010-03.  This file contains original North Carolina Geological Survey (NCGS) geologic mapping data generated by compiling detailed field observations during the period from August 2008 through June 2009 and September 2009 through May 2010.  This polyline database delineates map units that are identified by general age and lithology through standard geologic mapping procedures.   These data were mapped at a scale of 1:24,000 and are appropriate for use at this scale and smaller.


<br /><br />Polylines are coded by line type (LINETYPE).

This dataset contains inferred and concealed contact lines.  This is the definition for the inferred polylines:
A polyline that indicates the interpreted geologic contact between map units, determined based on available station data.  A physical contact was not observed in the field.
The concealed contact lines were obscured beneath the Quaternary alluvium.
